- What is OOP?
-
- OOP stands for Object-Oriented Programming. It is a programming paradigm or a
  way of organizing and structuring code to represent real-world objects,
  concepts, or entities. In object-oriented programming, the focus is on
  creating objects, which are instances of classes, and defining their behavior
  through methods (functions) and properties (attributes).

- WHAT IS OBJECT?
-
- In the context of object-oriented programming (OOP), an object is a
  fundamental unit of a program that represents a real-world entity, concept, or
  thing. It is an instance of a class, which serves as a blueprint or template
  defining the structure and behavior of objects of that type.

An object combines data (attributes or properties) and behavior (methods or
functions) into a single entity. The data represents the state or
characteristics of the object, while the behavior represents the actions or
operations that the object can perform.

Here's an example to illustrate the concept:

Let's consider a class called "Car." The Car class would define the attributes
of a car, such as its color, brand, and model. It would also define the methods
associated with a car, such as "start," "accelerate," and "brake."

Now, an object of the Car class could be created, representing a specific car.
For instance, we could create an object called "myCar" that has the color "red,"
brand "Toyota," and model "Camry." This object would have its own unique set of
data, representing the specific state of that car.

We can then interact with the object by invoking its methods. For example, we
could call the "start" method on the "myCar" object to start the car's engine,
or call the "accelerate" method to make it go faster.

In summary, an object is an instance of a class in OOP. It combines data and
behavior, representing a specific entity or thing. Objects allow us to model and
work with real-world concepts in a structured and modular way within a program.

- What is constructor?
-
- A constructor is a special method in a class that is automatically called when
  an object of that class is created or instantiated. It is used to initialize
  the object's state or set up its initial values. In other words, the
  constructor is responsible for preparing the object for use.

- What is Static?
-
- the static keyword is used to define class-level members (properties and
  methods) that are shared among all instances of the class, rather than being
  specific to individual objects or instances.

When a member is declared as static, it means that it belongs to the class
itself, not to any particular object created from that class. It can be accessed
directly on the class itself, without needing an instance of the class.

- What is Polymorphism?

Polymorphism is a concept in object-oriented programming that allows objects of
different classes to be treated as objects of a common parent class. It enables
a single interface to be used to represent multiple related classes.

In polymorphism, objects can be passed or accessed through a common interface,
such as a shared method or property, even though they may have different
implementations for that interface.

- What is Inheritance?
-
- Inheritance is a fundamental concept in object-oriented programming (OOP) that
  allows classes to inherit properties and methods from other classes. It
  establishes a relationship between classes, where one class (called the
  "child" or "derived" class) derives or inherits the characteristics of another
  class (called the "parent" or "base" class).

The child class inherits the attributes and behaviors of the parent class,
allowing it to reuse and extend the functionality provided by the parent class.
This promotes code reuse, modularity, and the concept of a hierarchical
structure.

The child class can add its own specific attributes and behaviors, and it can
also override or modify the inherited attributes and methods from the parent
class to suit its own requirements.
